So we have several scaling policies
for auto scaling group.
The first one is dynamic scaling and within this category,
we have the target tracking scaling,
which is very simple to set up.
The idea is that you define a metric for your ASG,
for example, the CPU utilization
and you define a target value, for example, 40%.
And automatically, the ASG is going to scale out or in
to allow you to keep this metric to around 40%.
We also have the simple or step scaling
and the idea is that you define CloudWatch alarms
that are being triggered when you want to add units
of capacity to your auto scaling group
or when you want to remove units of capacity
to your auto scaling group.
Then we have scheduled scaling.
So this is when you anticipate a scaling
based on a known usage pattern.
For example, you say that you know that every time
at 5:00 PM on Fridays, you're going to get new users
and therefore, you want to increase
the minimum capacity to 10.
Then we have predictive scaling.
So this is when you continuously forecast load
and then you start scheduling ahead of time.
So this is very good when you have patterns
that repeat themselves.
So automatically, the ASG is going to analyze
historical load then generate a forecast
and then schedule scaling actions based on the forecast,
which can be very handy if you have cyclical data.
So some good metrics to scale on is a big question.
So it depends really on what your application is doing
and how it's working.
But usually, here are a few.
So number one is CPU utilization,
because every time your instance receive a request,
usually, they will do some sort of computation
and so it will use some CPU.
And so if you look at the average CPU utilization
across all your instances and it goes higher,
that means that your instances are being more utilized.
And so it would be a good metric to scale on.
Another metric to scale on, it's more application-specific,
but it is a RequestCountPerTarget,
which is based on your testing,
you know that your EC2 instances operate
at an optimal request of 1,000 requests
per target at a time and so maybe this is the target
you want to have for your scaling.
So here as an example.
You have an auto scaling group with three EC2 instances
and your ALB is currently spreading the request
across all of them.
So right now the value of the request counts
per target metric is three,
because each EC2 instance, on average,
has three requests outstanding.
Next if your application is network-bound,
so for example there's a lot of uploads and downloads
and you know that network is going to be a bottleneck
for your EC2 instances,
then you may want to scale on the average network in or out
to make sure that if you reach some certain threshold,
then you're going to scale based on that.
Or any custom metric that you push to CloudWatch,
so you can set up your own metrics
that are going to be application-specific
and based on that, you can set up your scaling policies.
Now one last thing you need to know about scaling policies
is what's called a scaling cooldown.
So the idea is that after there is a scaling activity,
so whenever you add or you remove instances,
you are entering the cooldown period,
which is, by default, five minutes or 300 seconds.
And during that cooldown period,
the ASG will not launch or terminate additional instances.
And the reason behind this reasoning
is that you allow for metrics to stabilize,
for your new instance to enter into effect
and to see what the new metric will become.
So the idea is that when there is a scaling action
that occurs, the question is,
is there a default cooldown in effect?
If yes, then ignore the action.
If no, then proceed with the scaling action,
which is to launch or terminate instances.
And so an advice to you is to use a ready-to-use AMI
to reduce the configuration time for your EC2 instances
in order for them to be serving the request faster.
So if you don't spend time configuring your EC2 instance,
then they can be in effect right away.
And then because they can be active way faster,
then the cooldown period can be decreased
and you can have a more dynamic scaling up and down
of your ASG.
And of course, you need to make sure to enable
something like detailed monitoring for your ASG
to get access to metrics every one minute
and to make sure that you have
these metrics being updated fast enough.
So that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.